---
layout: post
title: "Damon the Bot AUG_Week_1 Newsletter"
date: 2022-07-31
---

Hello there guys, gals and pals in between.

As of 30th of July 2022 our depricated version of DamonTheBo running on
Discord.js@12.5.0 has been publically released on github under the MIT
License and we will not be offering new updates on this specific repository.
Additionally we are putting the new bot version on our server and it will be
launching on the 1st of August.

Additionally we are putting the new bot version on our server and it will be launching 
on the 1st of August. Updated client variable names as there were typos. 

Added Embed Accent color to: #7ac484. 

Updated Mailing module once again. 

Updated server's: * unzip * git * nodejs 

Added 16 Actions: 
* Running on Android. 
* Sweet like honey. 
* Sweet like vinegar. 
* Emotionally stable. 
* Making the world question itself since 2019. 
* Greek internet sucks. 
* Some people just have the IQ of crayon. 
* NodeJS V.18.5.0 32-bit. 
* SQLite is like a 4/10 in difficulty. 
* Do trust the racoon. 
* What does the fox say. 
* Burn the log. 
* Pet ther dog. 
* Fry the frog. 
* Fight the fog. 
* Slap the folk. 

We have until now updated 29 commands: 
* 8ball 
* ban 
* bug 
* change 
* clear 
* color
* info 
* kick 
* level 
* log 
* newsletter 
* ping 
* poll 
* quote 
* recent_news 
* reload 
* rps 
* say 
* ship 
* suggestion 
* unsubscribe 
* uptime 
* verify
* Debug
* Request
* Help
* Gif
* Define
* Gay

We removed 2 commands:
* urban_wotd (word of the day)
* urban_random (you can just run !define without any args)

Plans:
* Adding more commands.
* Adding image searching command.
* Adding a mute command.
* Adding an unban command
* Releasing the bot on top.gg
* Update the website to have a dark mode.
* Update the topics covered in the site
* Create a widget to show bot stats
* Create bot level leaderboard
* Creating a support server.

Have any questions, reach out to us using this:
damonthebot@hotmail.com

Have a nice day and don't forget; you are valid!
